Week 11
Section 11.1
1. Go through slides 1-5
2. Show how to redirect input and show how to redirect output using strings.c
showing how to type in and use file doing same thing
3. Add stderr to strings.c and show how to redirect stderr
By default the stdout and stderr are together routed to your console. 
However you can redirect the error
stream to a file with the help of the following form of your command 
line: ./strings 2>logfile.log. 
In that case the stdout will still come to the console, but stderr will 
go to the file.
4. To route to 2 different files for output:
./strings 1> out.txt 2>err.txt
5. print each character from the keyboard (maybe a redirected file).  
Show eof from keyboard through ctrl-d
showchars.c with 7 chars
newline is 10, EOF is -1, null is 0, scanf returns number of items read
6. show slide 13 and show printtest.c to show different formatting
7. show slides 6 -8 on file pointera and 11-15
8. Use sort_chars_file.c to show use of file pointers and fopen, fclose, 
fscanf and fprintf
9. show table 11.4, pg 636 to show functions for stdin/out and files
9. Show the different options for fopen
www.tutorialspoint.com/c_standard_library/c_function_fopen.htm
10. show error you get if file does not exist when you call fopen with r
sort_chars_file1.c
11. show how to loop on getting a filename to open - sort_chars_file2.c
12. moving the file pointer in the file.  sort_chars_file3.c moves back to 
beginning of input file after reading 6 characters.  Will duplicate f k s j p a

Section 11.2
13. binary files
Some files can be very large.  To read them in and print them, 
your program has expend alot of effort to convert it to binary then
convert it back to ints, etc to print them.  
If there is no need for us to have to read these files, then we can
make them binary files.  then we don't have to do this translation.
show tfile1.c and bfile1.c to show how this works.
and show them tfile2.c and bfile2.c and show different sizes. Using binary
files has the disadvantage of increasing the file size.  You can do a 
compression on the file for storage, which you can't do for text files.
Another disadvantage - can't be read by a human, is not portable. 
Show the definition of fwrite.
14. bfile3.c and bfile4.c Show how to read from a file. 
15. bfile5.c - show program of reading our class.txt then writing it to a binary
file then reading it and printing from the binary file 
